Q. Chaining of web elements?
    Ans: chaining the parent web element with the child web element to construct dynamically is called the concept of
    chaining of web elements


Q. Implicit wait?
    Ans: Its a global wait and dynamic
    Its always good to have one dynamic wait like implicit wait in our code, in case of webdriver unable to find any element
    it will make the driver wait till it load.
    it will not use extra time assigned to it just like sleep() if an element is available with in the assigned time.

Exceptional cases:
-----------------
    we will use time.sleep() function even if we use implicit wait because:
    in case of using driver.find_elements() it will produce a list,
     where if it doesnt find any element it will produce an empty list.

     so, we will intentionally use time.sleep() method just before the find_elements() method just to make sure that
     elements will load and list won't be empty.




Q. Explicit wait?
    Ans:
    Case 1:
    what if the element is taking more than the implicit time, but it will display but take more time.
    in this case implicit wait is not efficient to use and we cant use time.sleep() since we don't know how much it is taking.
    and

    Case 2:
    there are chances that element might not available/failed to load/fetch

    Case 3:
    if system know that element is not available/fetched after (n+1)th second after using time.sleep() method
    implicit wait will come's into the picture where it is of no use waiting for some extra seconds right since element will not exist

    Solution:
    in this case we will use explicit wait based on conditions.
    here using explicit wait we can target a specific element and we can set exclusively or explicitly wait to that element upto desired time/seconds.

    when we did that it will override the implicit wait available

    code:
        from selenium.webdriver.support import expected_conditions as EC
        from selenium.webdriver.support.ui import WebdriverWait

        wait = WebDriverWait(driver,20)
        wait.until(EC.presence_of_element_located((By.CLASS_NAME, 'promoInfo')))


